TERMS OF USE

PLEASE READ TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE 2HUB PLATFORMS. IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT THE USER'S (YOUR) RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS.

The Terms of Use (the “Agreement”) is between any Customers or Clients or Traveler or User or Visitors who either visits, use or registers with us (hereinafter referred to as “User” or “You” or “Your”) at 2HUB Platforms i.e. online platforms controlled and owned by 2Hub Private Limited, registered under The Companies Act, 2013, (hereinafter referred to as “2HUB”, or “We” or “Our” or “Us”) having registered office at 898, Udyog Vihar, Phase-1, Gurugram, Haryana- 122016 IN, that governs the use of all 2HUB Platforms including but not limited to including https://2HUB.travel/, https://2HUB.education/, https://2HUB.events/ and/or its app if any/widgets  ( used in software applications and user interface components that are used to access and search the websites) and any interactive facilities or services used or accessed through the websites, App or Widgets (“App” or “Application”) or any other medium (online/offline) in which 2HUB may provide services and is owned and managed by 2HUB (hereinafter collectively referred to as “2HUB Platforms”). 

By accessing and using 2HUB Platforms (Website and/or Applications), the User agrees to be legally bound by these terms and conditions as they may be modified and posted on the 2HUB Platforms from time to time. These terms and conditions take effect from the date when the User first access to 2HUB’s Platforms.


ELIGIBILITY


The User of 2HUB Platforms must satisfy the following eligibility criteria: 
User must be a major in age as may be prescribed by law which he is subjected to.
User must of sound mind.
User must not have been disqualified by the law he is subjected to.
The user shall also be bound to fulfill the eligibility criteria as provided in Indian Contract Act, 1872. The User must be atleast 18 years of age and must possess the legal authority to enter into an agreement so as become a User and use the services of 2HUB as may be provided online or through offline mode.


BINDING TERMS AND CONDITIONS
By using the 2HUB Platforms, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to be bound by all terms and conditions on the 2HUB Platforms.

MODIFICATIONS/AMENDMENT

2HUB may amend any part of these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time, without notice. Any amendment in terms of use will be posted on the official site of 2HUB as mentioned above in this user agreement. Applicability of this amendment will be on the date of amendment posted on the site only. By continue using of the site after amendment will be treated as deemed acceptance. 2HUB reserves the right to undertake all necessary steps to ensure that the security, safety and integrity of 2HUB's systems, as well as its clients' interests are and remain, well-protected. Towards this end, 2HUB may take various steps to verify and confirm the authenticity, enforceability and validity of orders placed by you. All information collected, used and stored by 2HUB shall be in consonance to its applicable Privacy Policy.
FOR BOOKINGS BY TRAVEL AGENTS: In order to use the 2HUB Platforms for booking purposes, registered user may be travel agents, tour operators, consolidators or aggregators. The Travel Agents has to register as agents or travel partners, etc. In case of any other commercial or resale purpose through offline/online modes as guest user, the Travel Agents have to procure explicit permission from 2HUB before making any bookings. If any such bookings are detected, 2HUB reserves the right to cancel all such bookings immediately without any notice to such travel agents and also to withhold payments or any refunds thereto. 2HUB shall not be held responsible for any loss or damage that may arise from the cancellation of the bookings and the Travel Agent shall be solely responsible for any loss or damage arising out of such transaction.

FOR BOOKINGS BY REGISTERED USER  OTHER THAN TRAVEL AGENTS: If the User is a registered individual or any Body corporate (Other than Travel Agent) etc. making booking or using our services for personal use or for their employees respectively, the user shall comply and be bound by the Terms and Conditions stipulated in this User Agreement except only in cases where any written contract/agreement is present, the terms of those agreement shall prevail over this User Agreement.
FOR ALL OTHER USERS (GUEST USERS): All the other users other than registered user i.e. Guest Users are advised to check the description of the services and products carefully before availing any services of 2HUB. User(s) agree to be bound by all the conditions as contained in Terms & Conditions as may be laid out by 2HUB at the time of confirming any bookings or availing any services provided by 2HUB. These conditions are also to be read in consonance with this User Agreement.

In case wherein a User intends to make a booking on behalf of another person, it shall be the responsibility of the User to inform such person about the terms of this Agreement, including all rules and restrictions applicable thereto. In absence of any Service Agreement, user of any of the 2HUB platforms and/or 2HUB offline/online services whether registered/guest user shall be subjected to the following terms and conditions. For the purposes of this Agreement, any person who does not have a legal or contractual right to access the Services, but does so, will fall within the definition of the user; and will nevertheless be subject to the terms and conditions regulating the usage of 2HUB Platforms, inclusive of the terms of our intellectual property rights, confidentiality, etc.

DUTIES AND OBLIGATIONS OF USER

Compliance to T&C’s of 2HUB: The User shall comply with any requirements/ conditions, if any, set out by 2Hub on bookings made by them including complying with the cancellation and payment policies as may be set out by the 2HUB from time to time.

Compliance to T&C’s of Principal Service Provider (Hotels/airlines, etc.): The User shall be bound by terms and conditions and policies of service providers such as airlines, hotels, restaurants /transport vendors, etc. in which booking is made. A description of respective Hotel/Airlines/Tours/Transfers shall be provided at the time of the booking which shall include policies and charges that may be applicable to the User along with the amenities provided. The description may or may not reflect all the policies or amenities or services that might be available and in those cases, 2HUB shall not be responsible for the amenities which may not be available at the time of availing the services. We advise the user to contact the PSP directly in case of any specific information required on any amenity or any policy.

Authorization to 2HUB: The user authorizes 2HUB to use/store/otherwise process the personal information relating to the identification of all users (Travel Agents/Employees of Corporate/ Travelers/ etc.) which includes but is not restricted to the name and address of the user. The Usage/storage/process of the information of the will be done upto the extent necessary for providing services made available on the 2HUB Platforms.

Declaration/Undertaking by the users: 2HUB may require the Users take and provide following declaration and/or undertaking before/after the bookings: 

Declaration by the Users that as per RBI guidelines the details filled in the field PAN Number are accurate and valid and undertakes that the Users hereby agree and undertake to give such supporting information/documents or correct details as may be required by 2HUB for complying with the regulatory authority's requirement.
Users shall also provide the declaration that as per RBI guideline, the users have received all documents including confirmation from the travelers that the amount paid by them for travel outside of India is in within the annual limits under LRS for resident individuals.
Declaration that the User shall comply with the provisions of the section 206(1G) of the Income Tax Act and confirm the collection of applicable TCS from the travelers/clients, payment of the collected TCS to the tax authorities within prescribed timelines and reporting the collected TCS in the TCS return and furnishing the TCS certificates to the end customer/travelers.
The User shall be responsible for discharging any obligations as may be implemented by various government for selling travel related products; including but not limited to collecting & depositing of tax related monies as notified by respective state or central government authorities from time to time.
Users confirms that 2HUB is not liable for making collection any TCS for the remittance made on behalf of the Travel Agent. The Travel agents agrees to always indemnify to the extent of any claims that are brought against 2HUB in relation to the remittance of this transaction. 

BOOKING POLICY AND CHARGES
By making a booking by either of mode i.e. through online platforms or through offline mode, 2HUB creates a link between Service Provider (Airlines, Hotels, etc.) and User. 2HUB provides only platform for booking of services and the final liability will be on the respective service provider and not on 2HUB. User understands that 2HUB cannot be held liable in case if the information provided by the Service Provider is found to be inaccurate, inadequate, or obsolete or in contravention of any laws, rules, regulations or directions in force. 

The Users are advised to go through the below mentioned points before making the booking:
Principal Service Provider Policy/Charges:
Hotel Booking: In case of hotel room bookings, the User shall be charged full cancellation charge for Early check out unless otherwise specified. Any Extra-person charges may apply and vary as per the Hotel. There may be times when a particular hotel does not allow unmarried / unrelated couples to check-in as per their Hotel Policy. In this case, no refund would be applicable in case the hotel denies check-in under such circumstances.


While making a room/banquet booking in a hotel, 2HUB/Hotel may require the Users to pay some incidental charges or security deposits (Cash/Credit Card) in cases wherein the hotels have the policy to collect deposit for covering possible incidental charges any room/facility you may use. The Hotel Policy is based to protect the interest of the Hotel either in full or in part, when the end customer doesn’t pay for any facility used such as mini-bar, spa, etc. The Security deposit is totally refundable to the end consumer upon check-out if passengers/ customers did not incur any extra charges during their stay or have settled the extra charges directly.


Any city specific tax or any resort fee or any service fee levied by the Hotel are to be paid directly at hotel if applicable.
Convenience/Service Fee by 2HUB
Service providers (such as airlines, hotels, restaurants /transport vendors etc.) will charge cost of booking. In addition to this 2HUB may charge some additional fees which might be the convenience charges or service fees. 2HUB may modify these fees time to time as per the discretion. Any such fees will be updated to the user before confirming the booking for the user. 


In some cases where charges are not properly charged of the booking amount, convenience fee statutory fee or taxes etc. due to any technical error or other reasons 2HUB will have a right to charge, claim or deduct amount from the User and User is bound to pay such balance amount to 2HUB. 
Other Booking Policies/Charges
Any inflation in the price charged by 2HUB in relation with change in rates or new imposed tax, levies by the Government shall be borne by the User. This inflation may be without prior notice and could also be retrospective but will always be as per applicable laws.
In the exceptional cases where user’s booking had not been confirmed for a particular reason, 2HUB will initiate the refund of the booking amount paid by the User and intimate the User. 2HUB will not provide any compensation or replace the unconfirmed booking. Any refund will be processed as per the defined policies of the service provider and 2HUB as the case may be.

It is the responsibility of User for all charges, fees, duties, taxes for the using of services as per the applicable laws.

In case where at the time of booking, the User/traveler provides/selects wrong residency or nationality resulting in additional charges while processing the booking, then any such additional charges needs to be paid to 2HUB by the user/traveler or to be paid directly to the hotel by guest on check in/check out. 2HUB shall not be able to honour the bookings overall or at original rates if wrong nationality/residency has been selected. In cases where Nationality and residency is different, then Users are advised to select the residency states/countries for making the booking. 
Change in Allocations
In cases where the reservation is not honored by hotel/ sightseeing/transfers/airlines bookings, then the Users/end consumers can contact our support team and 2HUB will try to provide an alternate for the booked services on a similar category and with the similar/same price range

However, if any Guests/clients of the Travel Agents are not convinced with the alternative offered, then 2HUB can cancel the respective booking with no charges and process full refund (if applicable) as per the original booking amount. 
	
In circumstances, the Liability of 2Hub shall be limited to the original value of the booking is limited on which the booking was processed and 2HUB will not be liable to any additional loss direct/indirect for the same service or any other service availed by the guest/agents.

Group Bookings 
In case of online booking through our platforms, 2HUB has the FIT (Free Individual Traveller) Reservation system i.e. maximum of 8 Passengers to be allowed to be booked at once. However, any booking having more than 9 Passengers booked for the "same date of travel & same hotel of stay" combination is handled as per "group terms & conditions". In such cases, 2Hub shall have the right to cancel all or any confirmed or vouchered reservation(s) with/without any prior intimation.


Such group bookings can be made through 2HUB offline mode only and the Users are advised to get in touch with our operations/sales team directly.
Amendment Policy
In case of any confirmed booking, no amendment can take place until and unless the end service provider’s policy allows the same. However, even in cases where the amendment is possible, 2HUB withhold the right to charge the User differential and additional conveyance charges for the same. 
In cases, where amendment in booking is not possible, 2HUB will not refund any amount.
No Show Policy
If the user booking is confirmed and user do not appear on the date of the booking, 2HUB will not refund in those circumstances.


PAYMENT POLICY AND MODES

2HUB business model is based on advance payments. For each booking, User needs to make full payment to 2HUB in advance for confirming the Booking. However, 2HUB can extend credit both in online and offline mode to selected Users only.

If any credit is extended to any User by 2Hub, then the applicable credit amount and separate T&C’s (Credit policy) of the Company will be conveyed to the respective User through offline mode. 

The User will make the payment only in the account on the name 2HUB. 2HUB will never ask for making the payment to any private account or to the account not held on the name of 2HUB. If any User make payment to any fraudulent account or on the account which 2HUB is not the legitimate holder, then in that case 2HUB will not be held liable for the loss. User has no right to recover any amount from 2HUB.

The User is advised not to share his personal sensitive information like Credit/ Debit card number, CVV, OTP, Expiry date of card User IDs, Password etc. with any person including agents, employees or representative of 2HUB. 2HUB or any agents, employees or representative of 2HUB will never ask to share any sensitive information. 2HUBwill not be liable for any such loss incurred by the User.

As soon as User make the payment, 2HUB will send you a confirmation email, along with a unique booking reference number and voucher as a valid proof of payment. 

2HUB uses completely secure and genuine payment gateway and customers can make the payments through a safe transaction process which may be available offline and/or online. Modes of payment which may be available at 2HUB for online/offline bookings are:
Credit/Debit Cards: Visa, Master, Amex, Maestro, RuPay, etc.
Net Banking: All Major Banks Supported
Wallet: MobiKwik, PhonePe, AmazonPay & Others
UPI : Google Pay, PayTm


CANCELLATION POLICY


Cancellation Policy (Airlines) [By User]
In event of cancellation by the User, every booking made on 2HUB is subject to cancellation charges levied by the airline, which may vary with respect to flight and booking class and 2HUB may levy some negligible amount as service fee per passenger/per sector for domestic and international air tickets as cancellation service charges which shall depend on the type of transaction. Some bookings may be non-refundable as per the specific airline’s policy. Some bookings cannot be cancelled partially as per the specific airline’s policy. Cancellations can be made online or offline through sending an email to 2HUB mentioned mail at the time of booking. 2HUB may assist the User in making various amendments for bookings. In few cases, you need to contact the airline directly.


In case of any cancellation within 24 Hrs of the journey 2HUB recommends the Users to contact directly to the Airlines and after that, send the cancellation request on our website/emails for refunds.


Cancellation Policy (Hotels/Transport vendors, etc.)[By User]
In event of cancellation by the User, every booking made through 2HUB in Hotels/Transport vendors, etc. is subject to terms and conditions to be provided by the ultimate service providers. The User can request cancellations/modifications in the booking by sending an email on the email id provided at the time of booking. However, any cancellation/modifications shall be subject to the cancellation policy of the service provider and availability in case of modification, etc. 

The User agrees that in the event of non-confirmation of booking due to any technical reasons (like network downtime, disconnection with third party platforms such as payment gateways, banks etc.) or any other similar failures, Service Provider’s obligation shall be limited refunding the booking amount, if any, received from the User. Such refund shall completely discharge the Service Provider from all liabilities with respect to that transaction. 


Right to cancel [By 2HUB]


2HUB reserves its right to cancel the booking made with any Airlines, Hotels, Transport Vendors, etc. and forfeit the amount paid by the User, including no liability for any loss or damage caused to the User in the booking cancelled, without any prior notice to the User in the cases including but not limited to:
2HUB at its sole discretion reserves the right to not accept any booking without assigning any reason thereof.
All the booking on 2Hub platform will be auto cancelled on the last day of its deadline, if the booking is not vouchered.
Any default on part of the User regarding the validity or authorisation of the information on the user provided or misrepresentation of facts made;
If any judicial, quasi-judicial, investigation agency, government authority approaches Service Provider to cancel booking;
In event of Force Majeure, the Service Provider shall be unable to honor the confirmed bookings. If 2HUB has advance knowledge of any such situations where dishonor of bookings may happen, it will make its best efforts to provide similar alternative to the user or refund the booking amount after deducting applicable service charges, if supported and refunded by that respective Service Provider. The User agrees that Service Provider being merely a facilitator of the services and products booked, cannot be held responsible for any such Force Majeure circumstance.

Other Remedies

In addition to this 2HUB reserve other remedies and recourse under this User Agreement or under applicable law, 2HUB may limit the User's activity, warn other users of the User's actions, immediately suspend or terminate the User's registration, or refuse to provide the User with access to the Website if:
The User is in breach of this User Agreement; or
2HUB is unable to verify or authenticate any information provided by the User; or
2HUB believes that the User's actions may infringe on any third-party rights or breach any applicable law or otherwise result in any liability for the User, other users of 2HUB or 2HUB itself;
If a User breaches this User Agreement, 2HUB reserves the sole right to recover any amount due to be paid by the User to 2HUB, and to take appropriate legal actions as it deems necessary.


Right to Cancel (End Service Provider)
User agrees that that the end service provider may refuse to provide the service(s) for any booking made through 2HUB with/without assigning any reasons or owing to reasons including but not limited to issues such as behaviour of end consumer/clients, public safety, health hazards, diseases, government orders, etc. In such scenarios of refusal, the liability that may ensue shall vest with the end service provider as it is outside the purview of 2HUB and the User agrees that any claim, refund or damages against such refusal shall lie solely against the end service provider and not 2HUB. Also, 2HUB shall not in anyway be liable to refund any amount paid to 2HUB as conveyance fee, etc.


REFUND POLICY


2HUB will process the refund only after getting cancellation request/claim from the customer/travel agent/corporate company through email or through defined channel on the website and only if such refund is possible at the end of Principal Service Provider
Refund against the cancellation of air tickets will be credited directly in User’s mode of payment only after receiving the refund amount from the Airlines. 2HUB will process refund within 72 only after receiving it from the concerned Airlines/hotel/transporter/other suppliers. In some peculiar cases, Processing time for cancellation and refund requests may vary.
Due to Banking Procedures, Refund in credit cards may take duration of 72 hours while it may take 7 days in case of net banking transactions
Wallet amount once used for any transaction the remaining amount in the wallet cannot be transferred to the User’s bank account. However, can be used for future booking with us.
Convenience fees paid at the time of booking is a non-refundable fee and same shall be applicable on all cancellations including any partial cancellation requests.
All cancellations made directly with the Service providers (such as airlines, hotels, restaurants /transport vendors etc.) need to be intimated to 2HUB, for the refund process. Processing time for the refund will be subject to the mode of payment. The refund will be initiated in the source account from which payment was made.
All refunds by 2HUB shall be processed as per the Service provider’s fare rules and cancellation policy. Refunds will be in accordance with the 2HUB receiving that refund from the airlines or hotels or any other service providers as may be applicable. The convenience fee made at the time of booking is a non- refundable fee. 

VISA GUIDELINES

Users are advised to ask the travellers to carry Visa for the country they are travelling. Please Users needs to update the traveller regarding the Visa requirements for the concerned Service providers (such as airlines, hotels, restaurants /transport vendors etc.) and embassy for concerned Visa requirements.
User making an international booking through our website i.e. 2HUB carrying and valid visa is a mandatory requirement. 
International bookings made on 2HUB are subject to the requirements of visa including but not limited to transit visa which is to be obtained by the User as per the requirement of their travel bookings and the requirements of the countries the traveller intends to visit or transit through.
2HUB hold no liability for any issues, including inability to travel, arising out of such visa requirements and is also not liable to refund any amount to the User for being unable to utilize the booking due to absence or denial of visa. Refund, if any, will be as per the applicable terms of booking and cancellation policy.


USE OF CHATBOTS
2HUB governs the activities of chatbot’s available at 2HUB’s Platforms and has technology and policies in place to check on how an information is fed to a chatbot, how it collects the information and where that information stored/sent, oversight/update of the chatbots. A human intervention trigger shall be available at the option of 2HUB. Chatbot Service is designed by 2HUB at 2HUB Platforms to allow users to provide a conversational virtual assistant in using all or any service at the 2HUB Platform. Communication with the chatbot may occur via SMS, Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, Amazon Echo and/or Google Home devices or any other medium used and controlled by 2HUB. 


INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHT


2HUB Platforms may provide information and marketing material for different service providers, setinations, etc. which may be posted as the content on the 2HUB Platforms, such content is protected by intellectual property laws of the India, foreign nations, and international bodies. Unauthorized use of the 2HUB materials may violate copyright, trademark, and/or other laws. You acknowledge that your use of the content on the 2HUB is for legal and valid use only. Any links to third-party websites are provided solely as a convenience to you.


USE OF TRADEMARKS. 2HUB names, and logos and all related products and service names, design marks and slogans are trademarks and service marks owned by and used under license from 2HUB or its associate entities. All other trademarks and service marks herein are the property of their respective owners. All copies that you make of the Materials on any of the Platforms must bear any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notice located on the respective Platforms that pertains to the material being copied. Except for the purpose of promoting/advertising 2HUB, you are not authorized to use any 2HUB Platforms’ or 2HUB name or mark in any advertising, publicity or in any other commercial manner without the prior written consent of 2HUB. 


LICENSE. By posting, storing, or transmitting any content on the 2HUB Platforms, you hereby grant 2HUB a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, assignable, right and license to use, copy, display, perform, create derivative works from, distribute, have distributed, transmit and assign such content in any form, in all media now known or hereinafter created, anywhere in the world through 2HUB Platforms.


RESTRICTION ON USE OF 2HUB PLATFORM. You will not use the 2HUB Platforms for illegal purposes. You will (a) abide by all applicable local, state, national, and international laws and regulations in your use of the 2HUB Platforms (including laws regarding intellectual property), (2) not interfere with or disrupt the use and enjoyment by other users, (3) not resell 2HUB’s material or any other User’s materials, without consent on the 2HUB Platforms, (4) not engage, directly or indirectly, in transmission of "spam", chain letters, junk mail or any other type of unsolicited communication, and (5) not defame, harass, abuse, or disrupt other users of the Website 2HUB Platforms. 


In case of any violation of this clause i.e. using of any information obtained from other users in order to harass, abuse, or harm another person, or in order to contact, advertise to, solicit, or selling to any users without their prior explicit consent, etc. shall be treated as violation of this agreement and may result in termination of this agreement.


CONFIDENTIALITY

Any information which is specifically mentioned by 2HUB as confidential shall be maintained confidentially by the User and shall not be disclosed unless as required by law or to serve the purpose of this User Agreement and the obligations of both the parties herein. Any information which is provided by the user shall be maintained confidential by the 2HUB and shall not be disclosed unless as required by law or to serve the purpose of this User Agreement and the obligations of both the parties herein


INDEMNIFICATION

You will release, indemnify, defend and hold harmless 2HUB and 2HUB Platforms and any of its contractors, agents, employees, officers, directors, shareholders, affiliates and assigns from all liabilities, claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses, of third parties relating to or arising out of (1) this Agreement or the breach of your warranties, representations and obligations under this Agreement; (2) the 2HUB Platforms’ content or your use of the platform’s content; (3) the Services or your use of the Registered or Unregistered Services (including trial services, if any); (4) any intellectual property or other proprietary right of any person or entity; (5) your violation of any provision of this Agreement; or (6) any information or data you supplied to 2HUB 

When 2HUB is threatened with suit or sued by a third party, 2HUB may seek written assurances from you concerning your promise to indemnify 2HUB; your failure to provide such assurances may be considered to be a material breach of this Agreement. 

GENERAL CLASUES

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. YOUR USE OF 2HUB PLATFORMS ARE AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE 2HUB PLATFORMS ARE OFFERED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AS A REPRESENTATION MADE OR WARRANTY GIVEN BY 2HUB EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT. 2HUB EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS, WAIVES, RELEASES AND RENOUNCES ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
DISCLAIMER ON POSTING. 2HUB doesn’t take any ownership, directly or indirectly towards any person whatsoever, with respect to listing/advertisements hosted on 2HUB Platforms by Service Providers (if any) and 2HUB has not carried out any independent verification on the authenticity or compliance requirements, as may have been required under any law for the time being in force, of such images/ banners/ listings in any format i.e. audio, video, website links, maps, etc. 2HUB does not endorse the contents on any such third-party websites and/or app and is not responsible for the content of or any damage that may result from your access to or reliance on these third-party websites. If you link to third-party websites and/or app, you do so at your own risk. 

DISCLAIMER ON CHATBOTS. You acknowledge and agree that 2HUB may preserve content posted on Chatbots and may also disclose conversations, texts or other content, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is necessary to comply with legal process, applicable laws or government requests. 2HUB disclaims all liabilities or information provided through chatbots as it is a computer-generated service and that users are responsible for checking the validity and genuity of the information provided by any User at 2HUB Platform. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Chatbot Services on 2HUB Platforms, including your conversations, texts, or other content, may involve: (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) chatbot assisting a user with any services and 2HUB may not be held liable for any technical failure and information lag.

ADDITIONAL DISCLAIMERS. 2HUB does not control or operate any airline, hotel, transport vehicles, restaurant, kitchen caravan or any other facility and shall not be responsible for any delay, improper service, and standard of service provided by any hotel or any seller, or for any injury, death, loss or damage which is caused by the act or default of any seller/service provider. 2HUB being merely a facilitator, shall not be liable for the following:
Personal injury, sickness, accident, death, loss, delay, discomfort, increased expenses, incidental, consequential loss and/or damage or any kind of theft howsoever caused to the final Users;
Any act, omission, default of any travel agent or third party or any other person or by any servant or agent employed by them who may be engaged or concerned in the provision of accommodation, refreshment, carriage facility or service for the guests or for any person traveling with him /her;
The temporary or permanent loss of, or damage to, baggage or personal belongings howsoever caused including willful negligence on the part of any person;
Any delay made in delivery of the service by the concerned service providers;
Failure on part of hotel to allow check-in despite confirmed booking for whatever reason;
Any claims of any dispute with the tour manager.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 2HUB will not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages in connection with this agreement or the 2HUB Services in any manner, including liabilities resulting from (1) the use or the inability to use the 2HUB Platforms Contents or Registered or Unregistered Services; (2) any products or services purchased or obtained or transactions entered between the users through the 2HUB Platforms; or (3) any lost profits you allege.

2HUB is not responsible for any damages resulting from unauthorized use of 2HUB Platforms by anyone. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, 2HUB’s liability to you for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid, if any, by you to 2HUB, for the Service during the term of being a Registered User.

LEGAL ACTION. In case of any issues or claims due to Users against 2HUB Platforms, 2HUB reserves the right to take appropriate legal action against you. 

PRIVACY. 2HUB believes strongly in protecting user privacy. Please refer to 2HUB’s Platform’s privacy policy, incorporated by reference herein, that is posted on the 2HUB Platforms.

TERM. This Term of Use (Agreement) will be effective, valid and subsisting as long as you use 2HUB Platforms or avail 2HUB services through offline/online modes.

TERMINATION. 2HUB reserves the right to terminate your access to the 2HUB Platforms if it reasonably believes, in its sole discretion, that you have breached any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Following termination, you will not be permitted to use the 2HUB Platforms.
2HUB may, in its sole discretion and without advance notice to you, cancel any registration of Travel agents, etc. and their referred Users. If your access to the 2HUB Platforms is terminated, 2HUB reserves the right to exercise whatever means it deems necessary to prevent unauthorized access of the 2HUB Platforms. This Agreement will survive indefinitely unless and until 2HUB chooses, in its sole discretion and without advance to you, to terminate it. 

DOMESTIC USE. 2HUB makes no representation that the 2HUB Platforms are appropriate or available for use in locations outside India. Users who access the 2HUB Platforms from outside India do so at their own risk and initiative and must bear all responsibility for compliance with any applicable local laws.

FORCE MAJEURE. There can be exceptional circumstances where 2HUB and / or the Service Providers cannot fulfil the confirmed bookings due to various reasons like act of God, labour unrest, insolvency, a pandemic, an epidemic, business exigencies, government decisions, terrorist activity, any operational and technical issues, route and flight cancellations etc. or any other reason beyond the control of 2HUB. If 2HUB has advance knowledge of any such situations where dishonour of bookings may happen, it will make its best efforts to provide similar alternative to the User or refund the booking amount after deducting applicable service charges, if supported and refunded by that respective service operators. The User agrees that 2HUB being merely a facilitator of the services and products booked, cannot be held responsible for any such Force Majeure circumstance. The User has to contact the Service Provider directly for any further resolutions and refunds. 2HUB hold no responsibility for the any of the above mentioned circumstances.

NOTICES. All of our notices, demands and other communications must be in writing and will be deemed to have been given (a) if mailed by certified mail, postage prepaid, or (b) if delivered by overnight courier, or (c) if sent by facsimile transmission, or (d) if sent by electronic mail in each case to the address, fax number or e-mail address specified by you to us in the registration form. All of your notices, demands and other communications must be in writing and will be deemed to have been given (a) if mailed by certified mail, postage prepaid or if delivered by overnight courier to our address mentioned on the websites.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement comprises the entire agreement between you and 2HUB unless any written agreement has been signed between 2HUB and the User.

EFFECT OF WAIVER. The failure of 2HUB to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of this Agreement remain in full force and effect.

JURISDICTION AND GOVERNING LAW. This T&C’s will be governed by the laws of India without regard to its conflict of law principles to the contrary. Neither you nor 2HUB will commence or prosecute any suit, proceeding or claim to enforce the provisions of this Agreement, to recover damages for breach of or default of this Agreement, or otherwise arising under or by reason of this Agreement, other than in courts located in State of New Delhi by using 2HUB Platforms, you consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts in connection with any action, suit, proceeding or claim arising under or by reason of this Agreement. You hereby waive any right to trial by jury arising out of this Agreement and any related documents
STATUTE OF LIMITATION. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the 2HUB Platforms or this Agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.

COVID -19 RELATED TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

User agrees that due to the Covid-19 pandemic, where the end service provider either cancels the booking or refuses to provide the services. Refusal of services may be on the ground such as 
Symptoms of COVID-19;
Not following the COVID-19 protocols; or
Any other protocols deems fit to the service provider relating to the COVID-19 as given by the Government. 
In such cases 2HUB will assume no liability for the refusal of service by the end service provider. The User also agrees that refund, if any, for such bookings will be processed by 2HUB to the User subject to receipt of the same from the end service provider and in case no refund is received and then 2Hub shall have no liability to make any refunds to the end User or traveller.

DISCLAIMER DUE TO COVID-19 PANDEMIC

2Hub states the following specifically to the current ongoing pandemic:
2Hub disclaims and take no responsibility of any health hazards such as the risk of contracting Covid-19, either during the User’s travel or at the user’s destination in any part of the world;
2Hub is not responsible for Covid-19-related requirements that end service providers and/or governments of destination countries may impose from time to time, such as health affidavit forms, health screenings prior to departure or upon arrival, face coverings or quarantines. The users/travellers are advised to go through the norms prescribed the countries or hotels before travelling;
2HUB have no special knowledge of end service providers’ financial condition and no hence have no liability for service providers’ defaults or for recommending future travel credits with that service provider as they may be out of business by the time the client tries to use the credits.
2Hub may request and Users have to assist for obtaining any refunds due or rebooking trips using future credits, but 2Hub may charge a non-refundable fee for such services.

GRIEVANCES

In the case of any grievances and dispute regarding our services you may write to us on our website https://2HUB.travel/contact-us or contact via Grievance Redressal Mechanism as provided in our Privacy Policy.
